TurnipBoy

medium

# If UserManger.sol is paused for long enough all user debt will default and can be canceled when contract is unpaused

## Summary

After enough time, debt can be written off by any user. Payments cannot be made when the contract is paused either. After a time all debt will become delinquent. When the contract is unpaused all this delinquent debt can forcibly written off.

## Vulnerability Detail

        uint256 lastRepay = uToken.getLastRepay(borrower);

        // This function is only callable by the public if the loan is overdue by
        // overdue blocks + maxOverdueBlocks. This stops the system being left with
        // debt that is overdue indefinitely and no ability to do anything about it.
        if (block.number <= lastRepay + overdueBlocks + maxOverdueBlocks) {
            if (staker != msg.sender) revert AuthFailed();
        }

When the contract is paused it is impossible for users to make any payment on their debt. Once the contract has been paused for long enough, it will be possible for anyone to call `debtWriteOff` on the debt. When the contract is unpaused, a user could call `debtWriteOff` for all debt in the contract and release all the debt in the system.

## Impact

Pausing the contract for extended periods will result in all debt being expunged from the system taking all funds from stakers. 

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-union-finance/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/user/UserManager.sol#L726-L788

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

`Controller.sol#unpause` should be overwritten with a method that adds a grace period in which the public functionality of `debtWriteOff` reverts