yixxas

medium

# `redeem()` may not withdraw the correct amount of underlying token for caller for the number of uTokens burned

## Summary

A user who wishes to redeem uTokens for underlying asset can call`redeem()`. However, `assetManagerContract.withdraw()` does not guarantee that the amount withdrawn is always equal to the `underlyingAmount`.

## Vulnerability Detail

The vulnerablity is due to the `withdraw()` function in AssetManager. It first checks for `selfBalance` and then loops through all `moneyMarket` to look for the amount that is requested to be withdrawn. There is no guarantee that at the end of the function, `remaining == 0`. This can happen due to many reasons.
**Note that in `redeem()` in `uToken.sol`, the only condition checked for allowed `underlyingAmount` is `totalRedeemable -= underlyingAmount`, where function will underflow if `underlyingAmount > totalRedeemable`.**
AssetManager deposits its funds into money markets such as Aave or Compound protocol. There is lending risk and smart contract risk in the money markets, and as more such markets are added, the risk increases. The total assets available for withdraw may not match the amount accounted for in `totalRedeemable`.
`withdraw()` returns `true` even if `remaining > 0`, so it does not revert, yet the number of uTokens burned is equivalent to the fully redeemed amount for the caller in `redeem()` in the `UToken.sol` contract.

## Impact

Users will burn their uTokens, and yet not able to redeem the correct number of underlying tokens.


## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-union-finance/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/asset/AssetManager.sol#L328-L369
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-union-finance/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/market/UToken.sol#L707-L740

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

`withdraw()` should return `false` if `remaining > 0` to signify that the full amount was not successfully withdrawn.
