yixxas

medium

# `removeAdaptor()` is not removing the removed money market from `withdrawSeq[]`.

## Summary

Removing an adaptor should also remove the corresponding element in `withdrawSeq[]`, but is not done so in the current implementation.

## Vulnerability Detail

`withdrawSeq[]` is used in the `withdraw()` function in `AssetManager.sol`. It iterates over the `withdrawSeq[]` array and it would still contain the removed money market. This can lead to unexpected interactions as it still tries to withdraw from the already removed money market. Furthermore, the size of `withdrawSeq[]` cannot be reduced. `setWithdrawSequence()` only allows changing the order of the indexes, but length must remain the same. This can lead to confusions when an admin tries to change the order of the sequence, but fails as `withdrawSeq.length > moneyMarkets.length`.

## Impact

Unexpected interactions with a removed money market can lead to unforeseen problems and causing confusions due to how `withdrawSeq[]` size would always be higher than `moneyMarkets[]` size which cannot be fixed. I believe this is an oversight by the protocol developer team.


## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-union-finance/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/asset/AssetManager.sol#L440-L457
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-union-finance/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/asset/AssetManager.sol#L139-L142
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-union-finance/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/asset/AssetManager.sol#L348-L359

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Add the logic of removing corresponding index from `withdrawSeq[]` when `removeAdaptor()` is called.

