CodingNameKiki

unlabeled

# Malicious staker can drain people's funds

## Summary
By following the exploit a malicious staker can repeat the process described below until he drain other's people Dai.

## Vulnerability Detail
// There are 3 types of stakes “Free Stake”, “Utilized Stake”, “Defaulted Stake”.
// The malicious user is using the “Free Stake, which can be withdrawn at any time.

Example:
We have Kiki, Alice and Bob, they all deposited 10 000 Dai tokens each by calling the function `mint()`.
After their deposits the `tokenSupply` and `totalRedeemable` will be equal to 30 000.

// Jake is the malicious staker

Jake calls the function `stake()` and successfuly stakes 20 000 Dai tokens, the function will deposit the tokens to AssetManager and successfuly inflate the `tokenSupply()` from 30 000 to 50 000.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-union-finance/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/user/UserManager.sol#L664-L680

Then Jake calls the function `mint()` providing 20 000 Dai tokens. The function `mint()` will calculate his `mintTokens` based on the inflated `tokenSupply()` of 50 000. The calculation will look like this:
`exchangeRate = (totalRedeemable * WAD) / totalSupply_` => `(30 000 * 1e18) / 50 000` => `exchangeRate = 6e17`
`mintTokens = (actualMintAmount * WAD) / exchangeRate` => `(20 000 * 1e18) / 6e17` => `mintTokens = 33 333`
The function will mint 33 333 uDai shares to Jake.

// After Jake's deposit `tokenSupply() = 70 000` and `totalRedeemable = 50 000`

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-union-finance/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/market/UToken.sol#L682-L694

After that Jake calls the function `unstake()` and unstakes his 20 000 Dai tokens, this way the `tokenSupply()` will get back to 50 000.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-union-finance/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/user/UserManager.sol#L691-L705

Then Jake calls the function `redeem()` to redeem his tokens back providing 33 333 uDai shares as `amountIn`.
The calculation of this will be equal to:
`exchangeRate = (totalRedeemable * WAD) / totalSupply_` => `(50 000 * 1e18) / 50 000` => `exchangeRate = 1e18`
`uTokenAmount = amountIn` => `uTokenAmount = 33 333`
`underlyingAmount = (amountIn * exchangeRate) / WAD` => `(33 333 * 1e18) / 1e18` => `underlyingAmount = 33 333`

`totalRedeemable -= underlyingAmount` => `50 000 -= 33 333` => `totalRedeemable = 16 667`
`_burn(msg.sender, uTokenAmount)` => `_burn(msg.sender, 33 333)`

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-union-finance/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/market/UToken.sol#L707-L737

Following this scenario Jake successfuly stole 33 333 Dai tokens, but only deposited 20 000 Dai.
Jake can repeat this process by staking and unstaking till he drain all the Dai deposited by other users. `until totalRedeemable hits zero` 

## Impact
Duo to the issue described in `Vulnerability Detail`, a malicious staker can drain people's funds.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-union-finance/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/user/UserManager.sol#L664-L680

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-union-finance/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/user/UserManager.sol#L691_L704

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-union-finance/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/market/UToken.sol#L682-L694

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-union-finance/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/market/UToken.sol#L707-L737

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Need to think about it...