CodingNameKiki

high

# First depositer can mint 100 million uDai shares for free.

## Summary
// Note - it doesn't have to be the first depositer, it's just that the first depositer will be able to steal how much he wants.
// The attack can happen even in one of the first deposits, but the attacker will receive less stolen shares.

The outcome of this exploit can be different, it depends on how many tokens the attacker will use. 
The bigger the amount is, the bigger the minted shares will be and etc:
Attacker uses 2 000 Dai tokens => close to 10 million shares of uDai minted.
Attacker uses 20 000 Dai tokens => close to 100 million shares of uDai minted.
Attacker uses 100 000 Dai tokens => close to 500 million shares of uDai minted

l am just giving an example, when the attacker spends 20 000 Dai tokens to get 99 999 999 million uDai shares. 
In the end the attacker redeem back his 20 000 Dai tokens and has 99 979 999 million uDai shares left as well.
Everything will work as usual after the attack and any deposited amount of Dai with the function `mint()` will be stolen by the attacker.

## Vulnerability Detail

An exploit can occur, when the `tokenSupply()` equals to zero.

// Jake is the attacker.

The first depositer Jake calls the function `mint()` providing 1 Dai token:
`totalRedeemable += actualMintAmount => totalRedeemable += 1 => totalRedeemable = 1.`
`"exchangeRate" will be equal to "initialExchangeRateMantissa" for the first depositer when "tokenSupply = 0"`
`mintTokens = (actualMintAmount * WAD) / exchangeRate => (1 * 1e18) / 1e18 => mintTokens = 1.`
The function `mint()` will successfuly mint 1 uDai share to Jake and after his deposit both `totalRedeemable` and `tokenSupply()` will be equal to 1.

Then Jake calls the function `addReserves()` and deposits 10 000 Dai tokens to AssetManager, this will inflate the `tokenSupply()` to 10 001.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-union-finance/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/market/UToken.sol#L750-L760

After that Jake calls the function `mint()` providing 9999 Dai tokens. 
Since the `tokenSupply()` equals 10 001 and `totalRedeemable` is only 1, the outcome of `exchangeRateStored()` calculation will be:
`exchangeRate = (totalRedeemable * WAD) / totalSupply_` => `(1 * 1e18) / 10 001` => `exchangeRate = 99 990 000 999 900`
`mintTokens = (actualMintAmount * WAD) / exchangeRate` => `(9999 * 1e18) / exchangeRate` => `mintTokens = 99 999 999`
The function `mint()` will successfuly mint 99 999 999 million uDai shares.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-union-finance/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/market/UToken.sol#L682-L694

The 100 million uDai shares are already minted to Jake, all left he has to do is to redeem his 20 000 tokens back.
So Jake calls the function `redeem()`, he provides 20 000 uDai shares for `amountIn` out of his 100 million shares,
and the calculation will look like this:
`exchangeRate = (totalRedeemable * WAD) / totalSupply_` => `(20 000 * 1e18) / 20 000` => `exchangeRate = 1e18`
`uTokenAmount = amountIn` => `uTokenAmount = 20 000`
`underlyingAmount = (amountIn * exchangeRate) / WAD` => `(20 000 * 1e18) / 1e18` => `underlyingAmount = 20 000`

`totalRedeemable -= underlyingAmount` => `20 000 -= 20 000` => `totalRedeemable = 0`
`_burn(msg.sender, uTokenAmount)` => `_burn(msg.sender, 20 000)`

Jake will successfuly withdraw his 20 000 tokens back, and both `totalRedeemable` and `tokenSupply()` will be equal to 0.
// Everything will be back to normal and will work as usual.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-union-finance/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/market/UToken.sol#L707-L737

Following this scenario Jake will be able to steal 99 979 999 million uDai shares for free and any deposited amount of Dai with the function `mint()` will be stolen by him.

## Impact
With the issue described in "Vulnerability Detail", a malicious attacker will be able to mint 100 million uDai shares, redeem his funds back and after that steal any amount of Dai deposited with the function `mint()`.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-union-finance/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/market/UToken.sol#L682-L694

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-union-finance/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/market/UToken.sol#L750-L760

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-union-finance/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/market/UToken.sol#L707-L737

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider changing the function `addReserves()` to be callable only by Admin, like the function `removeReserves()`.
As how it is right now an attacker can take advantage of the function `addReserves()` and do the exploit.